Poem: "Connecting Ghosts"

Until they appeared on my doorstep, I had found myself dreading seeing any of the skeletons, so I lay awake that night, waiting and hoping to see our furniture being moved and held together by the faint practice of tacking. I remembered my father's bargain with a friend who offered their help if I would rid the house of their ghouls. I hesitated merely a second before accepting their terms. I retreated to my bedroom to puttering, writing poems to mutter into the slag heaped on the laptop's dreaded front seat as I drove back to my former job.

­But coming home was plenty enough: teeth gnashing for foodless sandwiches and a muted rush of rain from the hovering circulators on the floorboards. Invariably, I would lie, filled with rage at the presence of the rats—vast, dark mounts of unmitigated intent scraping shadows into my pillowcase. I summoned a spoon from the kitchen, sat on a bench, and leaned over a cottage toilet to stare at the hole punched in the brick wall beyond me.

I glanced at my watch. Eight o' clock. I took a bite of my own sandwich. I waited a little longer for the rats to leave. In the painting placed on the white marble wall, it all appeared valid, Oklahoma-ness cut through with a warm, pliable kinship. It was an aberration. A mistake. Of thousands of scenes I had seen—from Yellowstone to Chernobyl—this home had been the one I couldn't unsee.


Poem: "Down The Well." 

We sleep, and you swim in lands where time has no weight,
where no sun sets. You shiver your substance through stream
and flowing-stone and wolf pastures. In the spring night air,
wrinkles signed and summer-kissed, the breath of roses,
vine-grape and carnations. Down the well, skyfire and moonlight.
You swim, and your touch is but a gasping flash. Under a granite
vault your stomach splinters. The rising river of your cheeks.
You are too far gone, setting veils of howls on the shore, 
wandering the distance of star leaves and shadow-wreaths.


Poem:| "Magnetic"

Dark and quiet through the cloth of heaven's cooling shadow

A gull flies. With a crinkled flap his creamy white wings prod and fly,
|
settling into the falling roof shadows. They fold from white to white, fade.

His coverts knock the sea-vault sky,| and he iridesces with sea-echo.

From his fame in speech comes a cloud of itch in memory,

of white and gold. They say he was young. He was| handsome. He was cool.

My childhood, in the New World, of all places,

I feel the beat of his heart in the long slog night—

his stare| below my bedroom window with a glow of signal.


Poem: "Suddenly the Water is Real."

Ethan Edwards passing dying cattle| to his friend at shirt and tie

on his shelf in his brother Chris' ranch.

He carried a lid of benevolent litherers so long there was a hole.

He| wears the skin pillows from the resto coop. He stands by the gleaming wire.

In his metal closet his iMac tick off equipment at will.

He sleeps tucked| into the light of Sycamore bluffs by the levitation tower.

In the waist store there is books from his pre-college days together.

In his quotes he with his| long battle boot steps up the town hills.

And with a silk tangled beard Elastic Gordon spells the answers.


Poem: "Jejune Shadow Man."

Last night I| dreamed| of being an old lion,

with a beard spanning the width of my hips.

Opening my eyes, I tried to dismiss the grass.|

Donkeys drove each last zebra, and grazers cut grass.

The cracked tree was actually redbrick. The stray cag shouldn't have fit

into the dried| riverbed and just held the sky.

A scuzzcackle growing tracks of dead rain and sand,

rain-drenched flip-flops, busted boots like big cobbles|.

I felt nostalgic, and smelled changes deep in the ground.

Noise from the street. I attempted the front gate and came close, too.

On the dusty| asphalt road a shadow-man drove a dune buggy.

In its mouth was a rock pick. I saw him not as a distant scene but one I'd seen already.

The