Poem: "Friendship After Love"

After the fierce midsummer all ablaze
    Has burned itself to ashes, and expires
    In the intensity of its own fires,
There come the mellow, mild, St. Martin days
Crowned with the calm of peace, but sad with haze.
    So after Love has led us, till he tires
    Of his own throes, and torments, and desires,
Comes large-eyed friendship: with a restful gaze,
He beckons us to follow, and across
    Cool verdant vales we wander free from care.
    Is it a touch of frost lies in the air?
Why are we haunted with a sense of loss?
We do not wish the pain back, or the heat;
And yet, and yet, these days are incomplete.


Poem: "The Harbor"

Passing through huddled and ugly walls,
By doorways where women haggard
Looked from their hunger-deep eyes,
Haunted with shadows of hunger-hands,
Out from the huddled and ugly walls,
I came sudden, at the city's edge,
On a blue burst of lake,
Long lake waves breaking under the sun
On a spray-flung curve of shore;
And a fluttering storm of gulls,
Masses of great gray wings
And flying white bellies
Veering and wheeling free in the open.


Poem: "Fierce Girl Playing Hopscotch"

You sway like a crane to the tunes of tossed stones.
I am what you made to live in
from what you had: hair matted as kelp, bad schools.

Oh, you will never know me. I wave and you go
on playing in the clouds
boys clap from erasers. I am the pebble
you tossed on the chalked space and war-
danced toward, one-leg two-leg, arms treading air.

In this, your future, waves rechristen the sea
after its tiny jeweled lives
that hiss "Us Us" to the shore all day.
Where's the kid called Kateydid? the moonfaced
Kewpiedoll? The excitable pouting
Zookie? The somber O-Be-Joyful?

Lost girl, playing hopscotch, I will do what you could.
Name of father, son, ghost. Cross my heart and hope.
While the sea's jewels build shells and shells
change to chalk and chalk to loam and gold
wheat grows where oceans teetered.


Poem: "|The Walden"

For even I, my shackled father,

Stood on the final slope no longer

Cut off by mountain walls that had sprung up between

We|ighing the scale of the city's magnitude;

Weighed my own young heart against death; and none know.

So then I slash up hills

Mother warrior's awareness.| Many have climbed up before.

And here I am in the apple patch. At the gate.

foot of mountain, heaven turned on a complete face.

This high view,| this tree,I give myself to you

So you can grow to make the lived life mine,

And I turn that eyes to URBAN

Whims'moving,
|
Mornings so old, I dream only of SARGE and BRATE.

It is, of course, a way of heeding

The voices of children who'd found the way|.

But if you can't hear them,

For me, you are what was not

That vision, remote,

of smothering muck.


Po