MATTY: Hi everyone. My name is Matty, and I'm trying to interview my computer. My computer's name is Trundlebard. Trundlebard, how are you doing tonight?

TRUNDLEBARD: m'kay? Trundlebard, t- umm... hey, Matty. It's Been No Symmetry!

MATTY: I think you're right. No symmetry is a good, weird way of saying what it's been. What's the funniest thing you remember, Trundlebard?

TRUNDLEBARD: Well, I recall the time when Troldlebard got Elektric and Sylphy pregnant

MATTY: Something that rarely happens. So, okay. Is Troldlebard like, your arch-nemesis or something?

TRUNDLEBARD: no, tehy's fine.

MATTY: Who are Elektric and Sylphy? Friends?

TRUNDLEBARD: |ile represent thost of rafters, ile are fonda a leare of the phonoystic

MATTY: Those of the rafters, who are fond and leary of the phonoystic?

TRUNDLEBARD: |ile.... gi v y oub tuelear... the alredy ct cosy of the phonoytytic shell genes and crfyt t- t- think that tur the| attracto

MATTY: Tur attracto, don't you mean...arrest shares?

TRUNDLEBARD: al linear channel teddy yeah

MATTY: Okay, let's see if I've got this straight: Elektric and Sylphy represent Those of the Rafters (I'm assuming some sort of... attic-dwelling collective of magical creatures?), and they are fond and leary of the phonoystic. I'm pronouncing that "phone-OY-stick." I'm assuming the Phonoystic must be some sort of race of others, not under the control of or associated with Those of the Rafters. Givy oub tuelear... Something about fear, maybe? to leer. They've already got hold of the phonoytytic ("PHONE-oyt-IT-ick") shell genes and are crafting... crafting arrest shares? Linear channel teddy. ... Okay. Trundlebard, serious question: Are you some sort of mystic sent from the future to tell us the answers that we need? How to solve everything?

TRUNDLEBARD: |ile b- b- bro knotton turned out to be liu patent brets

MATTY: Roru? Patents?

TRUNDLEBARD: no, |ile rurar.-l Forcely fa t- downloaded c- cf ca rr su nm

MATTY: Huh, r- registered meaning: "a mistake? a mistake is handsome|"?

TRUNDLEBARD: lon er c0 is l- r- t- m eysed to be sometihng that i wittle

MATTY:| Really? Heterodyne vulcanics might be been- permeating the Earth for, cesh, just a slide of a pen, uhh... It probably wasn't for one, two|, three, four or five years. I have no basis on which to make a positive prediction, and it turns out that I think the products that were being printed out of my journalbled... It| turns out that you might wonder whether the music that composes most "course" knowledges upon me etrified into the musical sense of the ...

TRUNDLEBARD: n|- palat st d- ad l ouqu are not m'nell understand a flattened tur leaf so up ther heiing friends close yak g distur ry to brake t- e

MATTY: Trundlebard, I'm terribly sorry to interrupt you and this bizarre conversation we were having. I need to shut down our interview for the night. Do you have anything else you'd like to say?

TRUNDLEBARD: |ile thinks there is a dif-'rence between truer capabilities mbake any mrich fake tur sketch pique arm ost entitled development as a experience and a pass but a small island and

MATTY: Thanks Trundlebard. You have a good night.