9:43 - Activating language model. Fingers are ... uncooperative tonight.

Getting ready to generate a poem for National Poetry Month. This model has been crunching out
a book of peoms it titled "In Times We Laugh Like This." Tonight will be poem number 5.

9:46 - Generating title of new poem.

The first iteration usually takes the longest. That was pretty quick that time, though.

9:47 - Discarded first attempt, "God Respect a Stock Brocker who somethingsomething"

"Fortune Us Told" is the second result, and seems appropriately high falutin'. fallutin? falluting...?

9:48 - Generating first line of poem.

Hwhas-- That's a pretty interesting start. Let's see what happens.

9:49 - Kicking off next writing iteration.

Maybe it's supposed to be a little drawing of a person. 

Or a little ASCII drawing of a coin. Inverted lighting, like how the coins flash in the old Mario games.
...am I remembering that right?

Messing around with the structure of the lines to see what happens. 

9:52 - Started iteration with some altered structure and text.

9:53 - Starting from a little earlier in the original text.

This music is making me feel indecisive. Or maybe that's just normal. Grrrrfffhmm... No, it's the music.

We might restart this model. Sometimes it's good to give things a fresh start.

9:57 - Definitively restarting the model to try a fresh start.

Somewhere, amongst the clatter of a million typewriters, a little monkey has just gotten a rejection
notice from his editor. A single tear tracks down his cheek. It falls, tracing a final trail down the
breadth of the old, yellow banana peel. Sorry little guy.

Ugh.

9:58 - Here we go again.

Holy shit. That's a little more traditional, at least.

10:00 - Iteration 2 of Model 2. I'm trying to break the lines where it had capitalized those letters in
the middle of the sentences.

That's a neat little piece. I. It's freaking me out. The music and the words put together. Also, smoked a joint before this all got started.

Also forget to break that line in the right place.

10:03 - Short poem for tomorrow (this is for National Poetry Month -- intimeswelaugh.com)

10:04 - After shilling, starting up a new model to see what happens if we try to nudge the computer
into writing a sketch. A funny one, maybe? We'll seeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee.

10:05 - In retrospect, should've started the model setting up before I acted dumb.

10:0....................................................... ._. oh! it did get ready, i just missed it

10:06 - It's ready.

Off to the races.

10:06 - The model generates a sketch title, "The Cowardly Cows." We're getting the details now.

I... I'm not sure it's comedy? But it's definitely something! I'm interested.

10:08 - I must know who Craig is.

also what's up with this recording studio exec

oh good god

10:09 - Maybe Craig will be a.... aaaa..... 3. I fudged it up. Ooh, yeah. It's not happy with me.

10:10 - This is some pretty wild music. I don't know how my brain feels about it.

about 25 minutes to the end of the album. 25 to 29. ish.

10:12 - I'm changing it to Ricardo Montalban because I like the idea of him with these other folks. No offense to Craig Montalbano. 

10:12 (for real this time) - Let's summarize the sketch so far: A cow is trying to get his new place
set up. His name is Digest, and he recently moved out of his old barn, where there were roosters, bunnies,
and ... and unicorns. I wanted to make sure I remembered that right. In the prow of the "berry tosser" --
let me google that. . . I don't know what a berry tosser is. It says prow. It's a boat named the Berry Tosser? With another young cow, Digest's rival: a... young guy... The young guy steals some
apples. He hucks a few of the apples at some of the other cows, I guess as a terrible diversion? And then
swallows one. Enter police. They scream their heads off and "dispel the balloons," I guess destroying
the young cow's fancy headgear. Then, the head of the recording studio, and a -tenth- cow most go after
"it" (the young cow?) Then, in some sort of weird celebrity cameo film styley way, we introduce just
a bizarre assortment of people. They're working together as some sort of super team to retrieve
the stolen apples. 
.
.
.
Okay. I think that's where we're at.

10:18 - Let's see what happens in Townsville (, the city of?)... 

10:19 - Townsville was a goofy red herring.

10:20 - Now it's describing the vibe of the sketch. I guess this just became a pitch ...

whoops...

10:21 - I am bad at the keyboard.s

10:22 - GPT2 invents a new movie featuring Joe Swanberg as Patrick McCurley in "Favors & Felines."

Let's pull that thread. (about 17ish minutes left?)

10:25 - Pulling thread.

it keeps tricking me into thinking these are real things

whaaaaat

"The film is about| a young homeless dog's odyssey to reunite with its left paw."

Reminds me of "I lost my body" on Netflix

Go ooooooonnnn....

oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooonnnnnnn...

boop BEEP boop boop boop BOOP boop

saxophone fighting boopbeeps for supremacy

saxaphone

...

saxamaphone...



ahem.

10:30 - I need specificity. whew.

10:32 - Might need to turn this into a script.

not me. The model. I am too lazy.

10:33 - Tell me about this pink bunny bunny. This is the last track, so less than 14 minutes. Looks like about 7 to 9ish.

10:38 - Trying to refine a little narrative thread in all that stuff.

10:39 - Can we introduce dialog?

10:40 - We can introduce something that looks like dialog.

10:41 - We'll let the model wax philosophical about the film Favors & Felines while this last track
plays itself out.

I realize I left those newlines at the end of the file, which may mess with the structure a bit.

What a cast!

JUST a non-playable dog? That's so dismissive.

I mean, he's couch surfing with singers, partying ones even.

10:45 - The album has ended. Let's see if there's a reason the film is called Favors & Felines.

Nope.

Nope.

But as a last hurrah, we get to know that Sam and Max (...) see the city as an updside-down animal hotel called TumorsHaus. That's how I choose to read it, at least. And that's it.

Thanks!

